(dramatic music)
The moment has arrived.
Time to spread your wings!
Stern Ritters!
(all gasping)
(dramatic music)
No one in this
world has the power
to deprive me of those
things that belong to me.
And everything belongs to me.
Everything that
exists in this world.
Not even the Soul King
can escape my power.
(dramatic music)
(light humming)
My children, let us begin!
("STARS" by w.o.d.)
(singing in Japanese)
-("STARS" by w.o.d.)
-(singing in Japanese)
-(blood splattering)
-(Oh-Etsu grunting)
Oh, I get it.
That's gotta be some
dope new additional power
shared with you through
the Auswahlen, right?
Yeah, that's why your
bullets that couldn't get
anywhere near me before
are now suddenly able to
blow a damn hole
through my body.
You got two things wrong there.
Number one, you're wrong about
this being an additional power.
It's a power I've always had,
I just haven't had
the time to use it.
And number two,
your body wasn't actually
pierced by any bullet.
That's why it can't be blocked
no matter how many
obstacles you put up.
(both gasping)
The name of my power is X-Axis.
There's no bullet.
It's simply a force that
penetrates everything
between the muzzle of
my gun and the target.
In fact, would you mind
lining up single file?
Then I can kill you
all with one shot.
(light humming)
Don't go dozing off yet,
you'll miss all the fun.
(intense music)
Good morning, Royal Palace,
it's good to be back!
Look at that, he's not dead
even after you shot him.
Talk about stubborn.
If you thought you'd
win just 'cause
you grew some wings,
well, you're dead wrong!
You're gonna learn that
the five of us are stronger
than all the 13 Court
Guard Squads put together!
You actually believed
we would allow you
to enter the Royal Palace?
You all must be living
in a dream world.
All right, then,
let's get on with it!
(plants creaking)
(Jugram gasping)
(ground rumbling)
(intense music)
(sword thudding)
Huh?
(metal clanging)
-(sword whooshing)
-(Gerard grunting)
What are you hoping to do
with that little sword?
Tickle me to death, is that it?
Now you're being insulting.
Shigarami.
I might just use it to
sew your mouth shut.
(plants creaking)
We haven't been very
welcoming, have we?
Let me show you some
real hospitality!
-(wind blowing)
-(plants creaking)
(plants thudding)
(Kirio chuckling)
Heavenly Flash!
Kinpika!
That's truly dazzling.
(water splashing)
(Tenjiro grunting)
(intense music)
(Tenjiro roaring)
-(Tenjiro grunting)
-(water splashing)
Hold still, damn it!
Not on your life!
The way things are going,
I can see this is a
bad matchup for me!
In fact, it's fatally bad!
-(gun firing)
-(Lille grunting)
-(sword clanging)
(Lille gasping)
(Oh-Etsu chuckling)
(gun firing)
Honestly, you don't
seem to realize
how generous I've been.
Yhw, don't you know why
I went to all the trouble
of slashing your power in half?
It was for your sake!
(Yhwach grumbling)
Think of how you would lose
face in the eyes of the Quincies
if I was able to crush you
while you were at full strength!
But who really gives a
damn about their reputation
once they're dead, right?
Hyapporankan!
Blut Vene Aufheben!
(glass cracking)
Secret Hado number
three, Teppusatsu!
-(fire roaring)
-(glass shattering)
-(hand thudding)
-Got you!
You shouldn't have touched me.
(Ichibe grunting)
(blood splattering)
Incredible.
Not only have you trespassed
upon the royal palace,
you dare to trespass upon the
body of a Squad Zero member,
a servant of the Soul King?
That'll be enough of
your impertinence,
you lowly human.
It's time you were punished.
Paint it Black.
Ichimonji!
(menacing music)
(Yhwach gasping)
What's the matter?
Not sure if you're seeing a
brush or a blade, is that it?
-(weapons clanking)
-(ink splashing)
What kind of blade is that?
As far as I can tell, it
just splashes ink around
and doesn't cut a thing.
I hope it's not a blade
that can cut names in half
like you did earlier.
Because you should
have learned by now
what a pointless
exercise that is.
You've seen for yourself
I have the power
to restore any name
you cut in half.
You can't defeat me
with such a weapon.
I will cut more than your
name in half with my-
(Yhwach gasping)
With your what, Yhw?
What is the name of
that sword in your hand?
You don't know, do you?
Or rather, you know that your
sword has no name at all now.
You see, anything that gets
painted over by my Ichimonji
loses its name.
That which has no
name has no power.
And both your sword and your
cross are without names.
How could you ever
hope to kill me
with those nameless things?
-(needle clanging)
-(Senjumaru gasping)
(Gerard laughing)
Did you really think you
were going to pierce my heart
with that knitting needle?
-(body thudding)
-(Senjumaru grunting)
(tense music)
(needle clanging)
(plants creaking)
(Kirio gasping)
(light humming)
-(hands clapping)
-(plants creaking)
-(Kirio grunting)
-(hands clapping)
(ground rumbling)
(Kirio panting)
-(Kirio gasping)
-(plants creaking)
-(sword whooshing)
-Whoa!
It's not just our powers
that are a bad matchup.
You're also slower than I am,
in case you hadn't noticed.
(Tenjiro grunting)
This is just the thing I
warned your funky friend about.
You really shouldn't
underestimate me.
-(arrow firing)
-(Tenjiro grunting)
-It can be fatal.
-(body thudding)
You see?
What the-
My blade went right through him!
Yo, that's a strange
technique you got!
My eyes have become
accustomed to your speed.
Next shot, you're done.
(Oh-Etsu whooping)
I see you've resigned
yourself to it.
-(gun clicking)
-(Lille gasping)
(dramatic music)
Can't take the shot, can you?
-You don't wanna hit Y.H.!
-(sword clanging)
Well, you really took
the shot, didn't you?
So how come Yhwach wasn't
the one who got hit?
-(body thudding)
-I thought I told you.
Allow me to repeat it, then.
My X-Axis penetrates
everything in between
the muzzle of my
gun and the target.
(plants creaking)
Very well.
Then I shall simply
steal your powers!
Not with something that
doesn't have a name,
but with my own natural power!
(energy humming)
And now for Sankt Altar!
(Ichibe humming)
I've stolen it.
Your "Black" is mine now.
(fire roaring)
(body thudding)
Is this what you
call being stronger
than all the 13 Court
Guard Squads put together?
Ay yo, I wouldn't
count my chickens.
Hell, you haven't even
seen us use the strength of
one Court Guard Squad yet,
you big, blonde bumpkin.
(Gerard humming questioningly)
The Royal Special Task
Force assigned to protect
the Soul King ain't gonna
let a bunch of Quincies
get the best of them,
I'll tell you that!
So Squad Zero, front and center,
up on your feet, everyone!
Senjumaru.
You're gonna be the
one who kills them.
I am?
I'm flattered.
You have a thousand
arms, after all.
The six of them shouldn't
be too much trouble.
Just don't overdo it.
That goes without saying.
Now watch what happens when
Squad Zero gets serious.
-(swords clanking)
-(blood splattering)
Suicide?
(blood splattering)
(candles fluttering)
What a joke.
(fire roaring)
(Gerard grunting)
Since you couldn't defeat us
when there were four of you,
What chance does one of
you have all by yourself?
Even the slightest
exertion of our full powers
would cause the heaven and earth
of all three worlds to tremble.
That is the reason our
lives have all been
linked to one
another for so long,
to make sure our true
swords would be sealed away.
But as you can see,
we have renounced
the blood oath we made.
And in return for
three of our lives,
the seal has been broken.
Prepare yourselves.
Bankai.
(intense music)
What the...
Damn.
(cloth rustling)
Shatatsu Karagara
Shigaraminotsuji.
-(ground rumbling)
-(both gasping)
(ground rumbling)
Thump, thump.
Rattle, rattle.
Thump, rattle, rattle.
(Lille gasping)
Unravel one hank,
Abundant Blooming Eyes.
-(Lille gasping)
-(gun firing)
Sightless be those who
gaze upon their might.
-(Lille gasping)
-(body thudding)
Unravel two hanks.
Oh, come on!
What the heck is all of this?
Armor of Steel Blades.
-(metal clanging)
-(Askin gasping)
(metal clanging)
(Askin gasping)
Those unable to bear its
weight are sealed forever.
Unravel three hanks.
Bowels of Black Sand.
pulled in by those hands,
-(sand rustling)
-(electricity zapping)
you meet your end.
Unravel four hanks.
-(cloth rustling)
-Huh?
What a pretty piece of fabric.
But I can cut right through it!
[Senjumaru] Freezing Bed Linens.
-(Gerard grunting)
-(ice crackling)
Succumb to slumber
and never stir again.
(ice crackling)
Unravel five hanks.
-Burning Field.
-(fire crackling)
(fire roaring)
-(Jugram grunting)
-(fire crackling)
-There's no escaping it
-(Jugram grunting)
until you turn to ash.
(fire roaring)
Unravel six hanks.
-Star of the Dark Night.
-(Uryu gasping)
(light chiming)
Absorbed by its abyss,
-(Uryu grunting)
-(body thudding)
(tense music)
you are led into the afterlife.
Now take a look, you villains,
as I finish by binding
off and releasing
-the cloth from the loom.
-(loom clanking)
Shidenorokushikiukimonnohata.
(fire crackling)
(footsteps tapping)
-(fire roaring)
-(Yhwach humming)
Yes, my power is
"Black," as you say.
Once I unleash Ichimonji, it
doesn't matter who you are.
Soul Reapers, Quincies,
the dead and the living.
All the "Black" that
exists in this world,
it all becomes mine!
(ink splashing)
Yhwach, or rather the one
who used to be Yhwach,
losing your name
must be humiliating.
Poor fellow, don't take the
loss of your name too hard.
Because I'm going to
give you a new one!
Shinuchi Shirafude Ichimonji.
If I had to use a
more modern term,
I guess this would
be called a Bankai.
You see, this was the
first evolved Zanpakuto.
It was around long before Bankai
ever existed in the world.
The beauty of this sword is
that it can inscribe a new name
on whatever has been
painted over by Ichimonji.
Well, how do you
feel now, Black Ant,
formerly known as Yhwach?
Knowing your power's
no more than that
of a tiny ant crawling
over the ground
for the length of its fleeting
and insignificant life.
I...
I never imagined...
No, you couldn't imagine it.
The difference between
your powers and mine,
and that it was your
fate to end here.
You will bear the
weight of the lives
of all the Soul Reapers
that you've killed
and be crushed to dust like
the crawling black ant you are!
(foot stomping)
Fare you well, you
king of the bugs.
-Fare you well.
-(hands clapping)
(dramatic music)
(shoes clanking)
(amp buzzing)
("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
(singing in Japanese)
[Kon] Long time no BLEACH!
How long has it been?
Well, to all the ladies,
oh, and the guys too,
the wait is over!
That's right!
It's me, the "King of
New York," AKA Kon!
Did everyone enjoy the finale
of part two as much as I did?
Well, that was nothing,
because guess what?
Today we're bringing back
the always mega-popular
"Illustrated Guide
to Soul Reapers!"
By the way, I picked out
some super special footage
for you guys, highlights
of Ichigo and his friends
doing all sorts of cool stuff!
You can thank me later.
So, okay, let's get started!
Illustrated Guide
to Soul Reapers!
It's been a while!
You can't fix it?
That is correct.
Once a Bankai has
been destroyed,
it can never be restored.
What?
You're kidding me!
-Then what do I do?
-(phone beeping)
-Yes?
-(Kon screaming)
Huh?
[Soul Reaper 1]
Hey, come back here!
[Soul Reaper 2]
Get him, get him!
[Kon] Outta the
way, outta the way,
-move, move, move!
-(Ichigo yelping)
Oh, crap!
I just punted
somebody out of frame!
-(Ichigo growling)
-Oh, Ichigo!
You!
Wait, who are you?
Who am I?
Oh, come on!
I know it's been
a while, but geez!
It's me, Ichigo!
You remember me!
Just look at this cute face!
And what about this cute face?
And you can't forget
about this cute face!
I am the King of
New York, AKA Kon!
Oh, right.
Sorry about that.
I guess it has
been a while, huh?
'Cause you've
gotten a lot bigger.
Don't sugarcoat it just
because you feel sorry
about what I've become!
Oh, Ichigo, if you only knew
what I've had to go through!
The suffering,
the endless agony!
-(Kon screaming)
-(smoke hissing)
(Ichigo grunting in shock)
So as I was saying-
Oh, damn it!
He's going back to
the main plot again!
[Soul Reaper 2]
Quick, he's small now!
-Get him!
-(Kon screaming)
(door slamming)
Come, we must go,
Ichigo Kurosaki.
The great Squad Zero
is about to arrive.
[Kon] Memories of
You-Know-Where!
(phone beeping)
Rukia here.
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Really?
Thank you, sir!
Hey Rukia, who
the hell was that?
It was a call from Sir Kirinji!
He says my brother
has finally recovered!
He's recovered?
That's great news!
Oh, but wait.
That means he'll have to
eat, train with his sword,
and then...
Then go there.
Ugh, that place was awful.
A true measurement from hell.
Yeah, and I was stripped naked.
I don't even wanna
think about it!
(Renji straining)
Renji, what are you doing?
You're not thinking
about it, are you?
Stop it!
Stop thinking about it, Renji!
Say what now?
Now I don't think that's
an honest question.
You heard me.
I said take off your
loincloth as well.
Now wait just a minute!
You're measuring me for
a Shihakusho, right?
You can't do that
with my loincloth on?
I see.
All right, I understand.
I'll measure you after I've
removed your jewels, then.
All right, all right, hold
on, I'm taking it off!
-(Renji gasping)
-You're back, Renji!
Thank goodness!
I'm glad you didn't get to the
part where you took it off!
(Renji groaning)
But your troubles aside, I
keep thinking about my brother.
It pains me to imagine
him having to go through
that same humiliation.
My troubles aside?
Oh, my poor brother!
(static hissing)
(sighs) Now that's more like it!
They need to show more
of that kind of stuff.
The lighter moments, you know?
All this aggro between the
Soul Reapers and the Quincies,
and their big final battle,
and yada, yada, yada!
It's way too serious!
And exhausting!
Anyway, that's why I took
the liberty of bringing you
this special bonus to go
with the part two finale!
For all of you watching this,
how about showing
your appreciation
with a round of
applause and cheering?
Well, that's about it for now.
Stay glued to the
edge of your seats
until we meet again next time
in part three of BLEACH:
Thousand-Year Blood War!
Okay?
-("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
-(singing in Japanese)